Create Web App
Basics
Database
Deployment
Networking
Monitor + secure
Tags
Review + create
Try Managed Instances (preview) on Azure App Service: a new option that delivers the platform benefits you rely on today, plus added features and flexibility to help you modernize applications seamlesslyLearn More
App Service Web Apps lets you quickly build, deploy, and scale enterprise-grade web, mobile, and API apps running on any platform. Meet rigorous performance, scalability, security and compliance requirements while using a fully managed platform to perform infrastructure maintenance. Learn more
Project Details
Select a subscription to manage deployed resources and costs. Use resource groups like folders to organize and manage all your resources.
Subscription
Azure subscription 1
Resource Group
swa-alivio-search-cloud-prod_group
Create new
Instance Details
Name
alivio-backend
-cjeafaebb2byatbe.centralus-01.azurewebsites.net

Secure unique default hostname on. More about this update
Publish
Code
  	Container
 
Runtime stack
Python 3.11
Operating System
Linux
  	Windows
 
Region
Central US
Not finding your App Service Plan? Try a different region or select your App Service Environment.
Pricing plans
App Service plan pricing tier determines the location, features, cost and compute resources associated with your app. Learn more
Linux Plan (Central US)
(New) ASP-swaaliviosearchcloudprodgroup-8930
Create new
Pricing plan
Premium V3 P0V3 (195 minimum ACU/vCPU, 4 GB memory, 1 vCPU)
Explore pricing plans
Zone redundancy
An App Service plan can be deployed as a zone redundant service in the regions that support it. Your initial instance count will be set based on your zone redundancy configuration. To ensure you’ll be able to enable zone redundancy at any point in the lifecycle of your app, enable zone redundancy now. You can decrease the instance count after the App Service plan is created.Learn more
Zone redundancy
Enabled: Your App Service plan and the apps in it will be zone redundant. The minimum App Service plan instance count will be two.
Disabled: Your App Service plan and the apps in it will not be zone redundant. The minimum App Service plan instance count will be one.
  
